website: improve record validation doc (#165)
AdRoll/baker: content/en/docs/How Tos/custom_record.md

As you can read in the [Record and LogLine page](/docs/core-concepts/record_implementation/),
Baker processes objects called **records**.
A `Record`, in Baker, is an interface that provides an abstraction over a record of flattened data,
where columns of fields are indexed through integers.
If the Record implementations provided by Baker doesn't fit your needs, you can create your own
version, implementing the [`Record` inteface](https://pkg.go.dev/github.com/AdRoll/baker#Record).

> ## How to use a custom version of the Record

Reviewer: This title seems off to me
```suggestion
## How to use your Record implementation
```

> Once your Record version is ready, you need to use it in your code.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Once your Record implementation is ready, you want to let Baker know how to create new instances of it.
```

> To do so, you must create and fill a [`baker.Components`](/docs/how-tos/baker_components/) struct.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To do so, you should create and fill a [`baker.Components`](/docs/how-tos/baker_components/) struct.
```

> The only required field to set is the `CreateRecord`, which should return a new instance of your Record 
> (see more details at [CreateRecord](/docs/how-tos/baker_components/#createrecord)).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The only required field to set is the `CreateRecord`, which returns a new instance of your custom record `struct`.  
(see more details at [CreateRecord](/docs/how-tos/baker_components/#createrecord)).
```

```go
comp := baker.Components{
	CreateRecord: func() baker.Record {
		return &MyCustomRecord{}
	},

	// ... other configuration
}
```

Optionally, it is possible to set other functionality through the `baker.Components`. 
For instance, you can provide a custom [Validation](/docs/how-tos/baker_components/#validate) function 
or a custom [FieldByName](/docs/how-tos/baker_components/#fieldbyname) function for your own Record

> implementation.

Reviewer: That's true these are optional to compile baker, however you have to provide `FieldNames` and `FieldByName` to run it and do something useful with it.
So I'd try to split this into 2 small parts/sentences:
 - the first in which we explain that we need to instruct Baker about the schema (how to map field names to field indices in your record, and vice versa). This is true whether you do this with TOML or by code
 - a second in which we can say a word about a Record validation function, which is optional
